Trade young has been rubin' to be on the trade block and really are we surprised? The last couple years have been full of turmoil. These in line to get a super max contract and we're talking about well over $200 million for five years, probably at about 55 a year or somewhere in that range. And is he worth it? I absolutely think so. But is he still a fit with the hoax? Think about the way that Anzacela has built this team. He's brought in telling that the certain position they drafted with the last regime they got Jaylen Johnson, they brought in the Keele, Alexander Walker. You look at them being able to get rid of Boggs contract, Dyson Daniel just signed a new deal. But when it comes to trading his fit with this team, I absolutely think they built this team in another direction. They do still need a center and it was what I've been hearing is they will probably still make a deal if they can trade trade young for Anthony Davis. And I think that Davis is an upgraded overpollosinkus and I think they have to find a way to get off his contract even if they had to sign in trade. He's going to be worth about 30 million so that makes his contract very, very, very tradable. And with trade young and what he's meant to this city doing his career in that line, I think he's meant a lot. And as I've been telling you all for a while, that trade would look at duchess on draft night. If he gets traded, it's a total bus. And it breaks even because Luke had even got traded out of Dallas. But when you just talk about what trade, what fits trade, trade to me is the old school style player mixed with a little bit of the new school. And what I mean by that, he's a floor general, he can pass, but he can also, he's also a ranger shooter. He's a streaky shooter. He's on his off. So a team that already is set up at center is most likely where he should, you know, with a strong front court where he should end up. Now you can take a guess at where you want to go with that. I could see Milwaukee actually, even though Milwaukee is a little bit down in the dumps this year, I could even see Orlando. So I mean, would Sacramento be a good spot? Absolutely. I think it would because you would like to get exactly being a dentist shoulder or somebody that they should end a draft pick. But whatever the case, the heart do not need to trade that. He was a pelicans first round pick because there's a kid named Kayla Wilson that could be coming out. And if you have a shot at that to upgrade your roster even more, I think you do it. So should they get to trade the supermatch deal? I think it could still happen in the signing trade, but the closer we get to the deadline, the more the more the price is going to go down as far as what they can get for him because that contract is a monster. And from what we've been hearing with the rumors about a lot of GM said, a lot of players don't like to play with him, which I absolutely don't believe is true. Which we'll see what happens. But Tray Young, on the trade block, his ages are asked to for a trade. Do you think this is going to come back to bite the heart? Do you think this is going to move the trade, Tray Young? I would like to know what your thoughts dropped them comments in the coming box and let me know. Did you buy an int once minutes of signing off? I'll talk to you soon, man. Peace.