 The bulls are not messing around. Stocks closed at a new record high. That's right, they just want to do it. They just want to go up. US stocks close at another record high, fueled by a bull run. Whoa, what's going higher? Well, it's not actually just technology stocks. Those ones are red, red, red. It's actually basically everything else. Healthcare, finance, boring stocks. That's right, the rally is getting wider. And as of right now, this means that we have an update to our notes. We are now bullish on the one day chart. Very simply put, we closed above the previous candle high for two days in a row. We did it. Or did we? Where's the volume? That's my number one question. Where is the wall? It's not there. Anyways, we got a daily higher high and closed above it. We talked about that yesterday. And as of right now, the weekly chart is currently above that candle high. So what does that mean? It's pretty simple. If you read the note here, it says, higher lows are sufficient. So today is Tuesday. If into Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, we hold those higher lows, I would have to assume we're going to fix the one week chart, which basically means that we're closing above last week's high. If we can do that again next week, hey, I'm going to say it's a bull party. Let's go fully bully boomtown by all dips. So wherever we close this week, all we want to do is close above this previous candle high. The higher we close at or near the high the candle, it implies more upside. Or remember, it's only Tuesday, red Wednesday, or Wednesday is tomorrow. If those higher lows hold, this is excellent. The bulls are in control. Please don't forget that on the one month chart, we do have that warning. And as of right now, the annual chart is now back to green because we're above 692. This is really important because over 692 was good. Under that is cautious. And underneath of it is bearish. It's right here. So we're now above 692, 691.67, I believe, is the number. So we're in new all time highs. The bulls are in control. Couple of quick news articles here. Italy plans to back the Merkerser paving way for the EU deal. This is going to happen on the ninth, which is Friday. And then on the 12th, it looks like they're going to sign the treaty. Whoa. So Italy is expected to reverse and vote on the ninth. And then on the 12th, we're going to see it potentially ratified or signed. This is going to create a trading block of 780 million people. Wowsers, that's a pretty big number. Yes. Also on Friday, the G7 finance ministers are going to meet to discuss rare earth elements. Three sources say, sorry, they're meeting on Monday. So that's going to be the day ironically that the deal is signed or ratified. This is the G7 or the group of seven. And they're going to be talking about price floors and rare earth elements or a point of discussion. Whoa. If you remember, MP materials was the first company to actually get that new price floor. I believe it was for Neil B.M. And that's exactly what happened here. We got a deal with the US government. We got a price floor. And we got a guaranteed buyer, which was Apple. Boom, boom, boom. Yes. And now they're working with Saudi Arabia. Very, very, very interesting. So this G7 meeting, I think, some of those other critical minerals, they might get a price floor. And I have a couple of mine here because I went to the Gen Zau futures exchange and I found two more industrial items added here. This has been rebranded from polysilicant to polycrystalline silicon. And we got palladium and platinum. These are really important because they go into a data center or into an AI. What do they call that? An AI factory. So we got palladium, platinum, silicon. And we got platinum right there too. So platinum, one, two times. OK. So platinum, palladium, silicon, lithium, yes. Those are all critical minerals. The Supreme Court is set to talk on Friday about Trump's world tariffs. So on Friday, we got that deal getting signed. Sorry. We got the vote for the EU. And then ratification on Monday. This is also really curious because Uranium is now a rare earth element. And yesterday, the US awarded $2.7 billion in orders to boost uranium enrichment. Nice. So what happened? Well, you probably guessed it's in booms. We got Oklahoma moving higher by 28% in the last two days. About a little bit last week. Had some bids in this week. And the stock is gone. It's going higher. Here's another one. Whoa. Critical minerals, corp. Yeah. 25% today, 9% in after hours. It's up by 61% in the last five days. Holy. Yeah. They're expected to sign their green land supply deal in 2026. And they are open to the US government investing. Nice. So I think the stuff has really come to what coming to a head here. The story is very simple going forward. Above $6.92 was good. Below $6.92 were cautious. We defer to our levels. And as of right now, if we look to a critical mineral less like look, they're all moving. Lithium America, Argentina, sorry, 15%. CRML. Up by up by 25. This one's been really moving lately too. Look at GSM. Sorry, look at MP back to 61. We got USAR up another 10% just today on the month, on the week, 24%. Look at a Clara. This is one of the Brazilian ones, up by 13 today. And a lot of these talks are really moving. Look at Valley, right, Valley based metals. Not going to jump into that today. But let's look at a few more here. Oh, this is sick. Yeah, still looking carbide. We got Wolf speed higher by 10%. Navid is higher by 13. On up by 6. STM up by 7. And microchip up by 12. Whoa. These stocks are really, really moving. So yes, I know what sort of thoughts talks we're going to go lower. Let me remind you of the reason why. I'm going to go to my handy chart here. VOO one month. I've been talking about a few different periods. And as long as we are above 6. 9. 2. We're in fully bully boomtown. We have to just hold that area. Please note, as I mentioned on the weekend video, we have to stay above that area, because just printing a higher high is not enough. Here's the reason why. In 2002, look at the H up here. It says, let's go actually to SPY. You know what pattern I'm looking for now, though. It's the same one I'm looking at here. Until the candle closes, it is not confirmed. Right here, 2022. What do we have? 479.00, 478, sorry, 479.98. That's a 98 cent higher high. And then what happened? It completely fizzled. It turned into a bearish engulfing candle. And that is not good. As the word bearish in it, higher high, lower low, close below the low. And it turned into an annual bearish engulfing candle. This is what I'm really concerned about. If we remain over 692, we're good. If we remain below 692, the risk, again, the risk, it's not a guarantee. The risk is that we could go all the way back down to the annual support, which is all the way down here at, what is it, 481? Let's have a quick look here. Second link in the description if you want to follow along. It's 481. That's a 200 percent, sorry, 200 point decline. So nice, it's beautiful. It's bigly, we're higher by what? 60 cents, 70 cents? This reminds me of 2022. And last we get through this week, and we form a weekly higher lows. The number one thing that I will be watching for going into the end of the week is just this. The consumer electronic show is not really bringing that much out. We now got that Supreme Court of Thing on Friday, but this is the one I'm really watching. It's non-farm payroll. This is likely going to give us some mixed signals. And why is this not working here? Oops, it looks like I logged out. Let's go to this week, and let's have a look at Friday. Now, there's a lot of data, isn't there? Yes, I normally filter it down because this is just too much for me. Where's the three bowls? We got unemployment rate coming out on Friday, and then we got average hourly earnings. Where's average rate here? That's not a good sign. It means the Fed might pause. And with more Fed speakers expected to come out this week, I will be watching that very closely. All right, come hang out with me at 8.30 a.m. tomorrow. Thanks so much.