 Why do you think your team was unable to execute the things that it was tasked with? Because we don't care enough right now. And that's the part that bothers you a lot. We don't care enough to do the things that are necessary. We don't care enough to be a professional. As you talk about today's modern basketball ball, you guys have two days off, but I'm guessing you guys are going to practice once. How do you improve on these things when you can't practice enough? We practice them all the time. It's not, again, it goes back to what I said the other night. It's a matter of making the choice. And too often we have guys that don't want to make that choice. And it's pretty consistent who those guys are. And so Saturday's practice, I told the guys, it's going to be uncomfortable. The meeting is going to be uncomfortable. I'm not doing another 53 games like this. I wouldn't do that just yet. Because your ass is mad. Fan boys. I think you've had enough. No. Now you've had enough. I hope everybody had a good Christmas except fan boys. I hope you opened up every single present and there was coal inside. But not only do I wish you got coal, but I also wish that you came to the realization that your king has officially destroyed the Lakers and it barely took him 30 days. Things was all good. Y'all was slapping each other's butts when he played the first five games against every team under 500. Remember he kept playing the jazz every week. You like that? How many times they go play the jazz? But fan boys were still oiled up. They were still sitting around watching the games like this. But now reality is starting to set in. How the Lakers are for in five over their last nine games with three straight belt to asses. And fan boys are at home like. Well, luckily for you fan boys since you can't breathe. I'm here to suffocate you and I'm a suffocate you the same way your king has been suffocating the energy from the Lakers. It's been so bad that JJ Reddy got the job from LeBron even he has to come out and say this is unacceptable. Because we don't care enough right now. And that's the part that bothers you a lot. We don't care enough to like do the things that are necessary. We don't care enough to be a professional. It's a matter of making the choice. And too often we have guys that don't want to make that choice. And it's pretty consistent who those guys are. Now I know a fan boy going to be like. He not talking about LeBron bro. He told my Lucas. All I got to say to that is who else on the team hasn't been professional LeBron James hasn't been professional. Whether it's faking injuries for the Lakers or sending Rich Paul to talk shit about the Lakers. Does Luca don't just need to play defense most definitely. But you already knew what Luca was. We knew what Luca was before he got traded to the Lakers. This is why he got traded to the Lakers. But Luca don't just has never been a defensive player. LaFodi James on the other hand is the one they want to market as a defensive survive. They want to market him as the guy that could score in defense one through five. We've been telling you for the longest he's not a defender. But since Adam Silver confirmed that this is a highlights base league. You only see the highlight of him getting the occasional chase now. You don't constantly see him getting broken down on defense because he's guarding the weakest offensive player. But then fanboys will say. He's fighting bro. What did you expect him to do? Retired. That's exactly what I expect him to do. He's destroying the Lakers right now. Minus 33 on Christmas Day. Fanboys this is sick. Your king has a negative plus minus this season. He is minus 59. Brownie got a better plus minus than his father. But dad and a killer. But you ain't you just like brother James. Now fanboy is going to be like I'm lying. They think I'm constantly lying and I'm hating on them. But just listen to what Kendrick Perkins said today. Watching that game last night and I was a teammate with LeBron James grew up playing against the play with him in AAU. McDonald's all American. I know this man. When he's not engaged or he feels some type of way. His body. It speaks in his body language. Last night his body language was awful. He was not engaged. He was piled and he was moping. He was walking up a dollar down the floor. He was complaining. And I just think it's with to this point. What LeBron and the Lakers have their relationship has run this course. And they need to figure out a solution. And the solution is not him being in the Los Angeles Lakers uniform. I know LeBron James is old. But this he knows that this roster is not built. He has went to 10, 15 NBA finals. He knows that this roster don't have enough. Here Rich Paul just said it on his podcast that the Lakers are not legit type of containers. Rich Paul is LeBron James agent. So they both feel that way. Fan boys, even Stevie Wonder can see. LaFonti James don't deserve to be a Laker. He's really upset that this team is being built around Luca. And like LaFonti has told you before, he is the only child. He comes second to no one. And because he was frustrated that the Lakers are building the round Luca and they didn't offer him an extension that his repayment to the Lakers was sitting out with Skiatica. But my question is, if you hate the Lakers and you so mad at the Lakers that you want to try to sabotage the season, why did you pick up your player option? You said there were multiple teams out there looking for the services of LeBron James. Why didn't you give it to him? If you got so many options, why would you come back to a place where you're not wanted? The Lakers are equivalent to the landlord. The landlord is trying to put you out. But LeBron James is the tenant that won't leave. He's the tenant that, yeah, you're going to have to take me to court. Maybe that's why Fan boys relate to him because I know y'all mama's been one y'all out the house. Your mama will be on the phone like a year girl. He's still on that damn game. All he do is watch LeBron James girl. Oh my God. I'm worried about him. He ain't never been on a day girl. Maybe that's why y'all love him so much. Y'all both not wanting in the places where you currently live. Because the Lakers were doing so good, man. They were doing good without LeBron. They were smiling. They was high five. Remember Austin Reeves and Luca was arguing over who 40 point game looked better. Y'all remember that? Would you believe that that was not even 45 days ago? Confidence was at an all time high on the Lakers front. Luca to Austin, to DeAndre, to Jake Laravia. Everybody had confidence and everybody looked like they were playing for each other. But when LaFodie James came back, all that chemistry went straight out the window. But if you let fanboys tell it, they'll tell you Luca is the problem. When in hindsight, Luca saved the franchise. Where would the Lakers be without Luca D'Ansic? Don't worry, I'll wait. Y'all could pretend like Luca didn't save the franchise. Look at Anthony Davis. He is played in 27 out of a possible 67 games for the Mavericks. If he was still a Laker, fanboys would be calling for Anthony Davis to go to jail. If fanboys you already know that's the truth. And since you already know that's the truth, why is it hard for you to believe that there shouldn't be a 41-year-old starting in the NBA? If you can't play defense, you should not be on the court at all at 41. How many times we see the Lakers playing for on five? How many plays do we see where the other team is scoring? And LaFodie James is not even in the frame. How can you be a leader and tell somebody to play hard to sprint back on defense when you're not even doing it? How you gonna act a team to do something that you won't even do? That's the difference between Jordan and Kobe. They're not gonna act their teammates to do something that they're not doing. The fall of the Los Angeles Lakers has to be studied. And there's only one person we can blame. And that's LaBron James. And now, this is part of the video where I need y'all to beat the comment section up. The LaBron James destroyed the Lakers. Let me know in the comment section. Do you think LaBron James will be a Laker next season? I've already told y'all he's going back to Cleveland. There's no other option for him. You gonna see him July. Play his Tribune. I'm coming home. I'm coming home. Do y'all think that JJ Reddick is officially gonna be able to control LaBron? Let me know in the comment section. Don't forget to hit me with the HBO special. Help a brother out with some likes, some comments, and subscribe. It's 93Z and I'm out this day.