The bulls are not messing around. Stocks closed at a new record high. That's right. They just want to do it. They just want to go up. US stocks close at another record high, fueled by a bull run. Whoa! What's going higher? Well, it's not actually just technology stocks. Those ones are red, red, red, red. It's actually basically everything else. Healthcare, finance, boring stonks. That's right. The rally is getting wider. And as of right now, this means that we have an update to our notes. We are now bullish on the one day chart. Very simply put, we closed above the previous candle high for two days in a row. We did it! Or did we? Where's the volume? That's my number one question. Where is the vol? It's not there. Anyways, we got a daily higher high enclosed above it. We talked about that yesterday. And as of right now, the weekly chart is currently above that candle high. So what does that mean? It's pretty simple. If you read the note here, it says, higher lows are sufficient. So today is Tuesday. If into Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, we hold those higher lows, I would have to assume we're going to fix the one week charge, which basically means that we're closing above last week's high. If we can do that again next week. Hey, I'm going to say it's a bull party. Let's go fully bully boomtown buy all debts. So wherever we close this week, all we want to do is close above this previous candle high. The higher we close at or near the high of the candle, it implies more upside. Remember, it's only Tuesday, red Wednesday, or Wednesday is tomorrow. If those higher lows hold, this is excellent. The bulls are in control. Please don't forget that on the one month chart, we do have that warning. And as of right now, the annual chart is now back to green, because we're above 692. This is really important because over 692 was good under that is cautious and underneath of it is bearish. It's right here. So we're now above 692 69 1.67 I believe is the number. So we're in new all time highs, the bulls are in control. A couple of quick news articles here. Italy plans to back the Mercer serve paving way for the EU deal. This is going to happen on now the ninth, which is Friday. And then on the 12th, it looks like they're going to sign the treaty. Whoa. So Italy is expected to reverse and vote on the ninth. And then on the 12th, we're going to see it potentially ratified or signed. This is going to create a trading block of 780 million people. Wowzers. That's a pretty big number. Yes. Also on Friday, the G seven finance ministers are going to meet to discuss rare earth elements, three sources say, sorry, they're meeting on Monday. So that's going to be the day ironically that the deal is signed or ratified. This is the G seven or the group of seven. And they're going to be talking about price floors and rare earth elements are appointed discussion. Whoa. If you remember MP materials was the first company to actually get that new price floor. I believe it was for Neil Bium. And that's exactly what happened here. We got a deal with the US government. We got a price floor and we got a guaranteed buyer, which was Apple boom, boom, boom. Yes. Now the working Masa to Arabia. Very, very, very interesting. So this G seven meeting, I think some of those other critical minerals, they might get a price floor. And I have a couple in mind here because I went to the Gen Zow futures exchange and I found two more industrial items added here. This has been rebranded from polysilicon to polycrystalline silicon and we got palladium and platinum. These are really important because they go into a data center or into an AI. What do they call that an AI factory? So we got palladium, platinum, silicon, and we got platinum right there too. So platinum one, two times. Okay, so platinum, palladium, silicon, lithium. Yes, those are all critical minerals. The Supreme Court is set to talk on Friday about Trump's World Tariffs. So on Friday, we got that deal getting signed. Sorry, we got the vote for the EU and then ratification on Monday. This is also really curious because uranium is now a rare earth element. And yesterday, he was awarded $2.7 billion in orders to boost uranium enrichment. Nice. So what happened? Well, he probably guessed it's a booms. We got Oklahoma moving higher by 28% in the last two days. I bought a little bit last week. I had some bids in this week and the stock is gone. It's going higher. Here's another one. Whoa! Critical minerals corp. Yeah. 25% today, 9% in after hours. It's up by 61% in the last five days. Holy, yeah. They're expected to sign their Green Land Supply Deal in 2026 and they are open to the US government investing. Nice. So I think the stuff has really come to what coming to a head here. The story is very simple going forward. Above 692 was good. Below 692 were cautious. We defer to our levels. And as of right now, if we look to a critical mineralist like, look, they're all moving. Lithium America, Argentina, sorry, 15%. CRML, up by 25%. This one's been really moving lately too. Look at GSM. Sorry, look at MP. Back to 61. We got USAR up another 10% just today on the month or on the week. 24%. Look at Aclera. This is one of the Brazilian ones. Up by 13% today. And a lot of these stocks are really moving. Look at Valley, right? Valley based metals. Not going to jump into that today, but let's look at a few more here. Oh, this is sick. Yeah, silicon carbide. We got Wolf speed higher by 10%. Navid is higher by 13. On, up by 6. STM up by 7. And microchip, up by 12. Whoa. These stocks are really, really moving. So yes, I know we said of Thought Stocks, we're going to go lower. Let me remind you of the reason why. I'm going to go to my handy chart here. The 001 month. I've been talking about a few different periods. And as long as we are above 6, 9, 2, we're in fully bully boom town. We have to just hold that area. Please note, as I mentioned on the weekend video, we have to stay above that area because just printing a higher high is not enough. Here's the reason why in 2022, look at the age up here. This says, let's go actually to SPY. You know what pattern I'm looking for now, though. It's the same one I'm looking at here. Until the candle closes, it is not confirmed right here. 2022. What do we have? 479.00. 478, sorry, 479.98. That's a 98 cent higher high. And then what happened? It completely fizzled. It turned into a bearish and golfing candle. And that is not good. As the word bearish in it, higher high, lower low, close below the low. And it turned into an annual bearish and golfing candle. This is what I'm really concerned about. If we remain over 6, 9, 2, we're good. If we remain below 6, 9, 2, the risk, again, the risk, it's not a guarantee. The risk is that we could go all the way back down to the annual support, which is all the way down here at, what is it, 481? Let's have a quick look here. Second link in the description if you want to follow along. It's 481. That's a 200% that, sorry, 200 point decline. So nice. It's beautiful. It's big. We're higher by what? 60 cents, 70 cents. This reminds me of 2022. And last we get through this week and we form a weekly higher lows. The number one thing that I will be watching for going into the end of the week is just this. The Consumer Electronic Show is not really bringing that much out. We now have that Supreme Court thing on Friday, but this is the one I'm really watching. It's non-farm payroll. This is likely going to give us some mixed signals. And why is this not working here? Oops, looks like I logged out. Let's go to this week and let's have a look at Friday. No, there's a lot of data, isn't there? Yes, I normally filter it down because this is just too much for me. Where's the three bulls? We got unemployment rate coming out on Friday and then we got average hourly earnings. Where's average? This right here. That's not a good sign. It means the Fed might pause. And with more Fed speakers expected to come out this week, I will be watching that very closely. Alright, come hang out with me at 8.30am tomorrow. Thanks so much.